Hello, from this review, you will learn
and radar detectors and video recorder already
nine plus from the company
subini model combines two
radar detector device with four
control buttons and bright display and
DVR zhka display and
separate control buttons
in addition to the DVR kit
2 car adapters and two included
a set of spare fuses usb
cable mounting bracket on glass
convenient napkin cover and manual
user
or 9 + has a compact body size
made of frosted do not glare it
plastic
Located behind the lens
5 megapixel camera receiving antenna
and a laser signal receiver in front
there are two displays and buttons
control radar detector on the side
control buttons are located
DVR and USB connector for
firmware updates
for notes of the saw from the opposite
the sides are located there are by connector for
power recorder nest card
of memory
composite video output and power connector
There is a built-in microphone and speaker
metal mounting holes
radar detector sensitive to x and silt
range information is displayed on oled
display and accompanied by voice
notification in Russian
there are two modes
highway and city have a function of determining
arrow-st complexes with
built-in gps receiver for notes on
and the alert does not occur.
less than david retribution memory
devices can also be added
own tags of pi
maximum video quality
complies with 720p format
together with video and sound is recorded
route and current speed according to gps
receiver and acting on
car acceleration according to
triaxial g-sensor among the variety
functions present continuously
loop recording recognition
movement and automatic protection
the current file from erasing when sharp
vehicle braking
already nine plus combine
two indispensable for motorists
radar detector device and
video recorder good quality
videotapes and rich functionality when
rather compact sizes do already
nine plus profitable buying decision
one device instead of two will allow
save not only money but also
free space on the dashboard
panels and windshield as well
guarantees the stable operation of two
devices in pair and lack
crosstalk